README.md, before:

## PROJECT NAME
 - DELANI STUDIO
 ## Author's Name
 - CHEGE CABRAL
 
## Setup instructions 
- Click on the pages live link
- This takes you to the studios landing page


## Project Description 
- This is a studios landing page that shows its services portfolio and allows users to sign up to their site 

## Setup/ Installation Requirements
- Connect your computer or phone to the internet
- Click the websites link
- Subscribe to delani studio and proceed


## Contact Info
- Email: cabralowiro@gmail.com
- Phone Number: 0733315530/ 0746190958
## License
- MIT License Copyright (c) 2020 (Chege Cabral)
- - [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/blob/master/LICENSE)
## Technology Used
- HTML- Was used to display contents of the page
- CSS- Was used to style the page
- JavaScript-Was used style the page elements and bring out the responsiveness of the webpage
- JQuery- used to create the hover and hide and show effects
## Technical Requirements
- An internet browser on your computer or phone 
- Connection to the internet
## Project's Live Link
- https://cabralchege.github.io/Delani-Studio/

Commit message:

added the description to the README.md

README.md, after:

## PROJECT NAME
 - DELANI STUDIO
 ## Author's Name
 - CHEGE CABRAL

 ## Description
 - The website is astudios landing page 
 - That takes a list of the subscribers visiting the page
 
## Setup instructions 
- Click on the pages live link
- This takes you to the studios landing page


## Project Description 
- This is a studios landing page that shows its services portfolio and allows users to sign up to their site 

## Setup/ Installation Requirements
- Connect your computer or phone to the internet
- Click the websites link
- Subscribe to delani studio and proceed


## Contact Info
- Email: cabralowiro@gmail.com
- Phone Number: 0733315530/ 0746190958
## License
- MIT License Copyright (c) 2020 (Chege Cabral)
- - [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/blob/master/LICENSE)
## Technology Used
- HTML- Was used to display contents of the page
- CSS- Was used to style the page
- JavaScript-Was used style the page elements and bring out the responsiveness of the webpage
- JQuery- used to create the hover and hide and show effects 
## Technical Requirements
- An internet browser on your computer or phone 
- Connection to the internet
## Project's Live Link
- https://cabralchege.github.io/Delani-Studio/
